Some files in this repository contain their own licensing info in a header:
substrate.h, which is based on an older version of CydiaSubstrate, is under
LGPLv3, and substitute.h and the generated files are in the public domain.  (So
if you want to take advantage of the more lax permission below, you can't use
the Substrate compatibility layer; also, the Debian package includes the
obligatory copy of the (L)GPLv3.)

For all other files:

libSubstitute
Copyright Nicholas Allegra (comex)

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

** You may optionally consider the license amended with the following special
exception: When statically linking, it is not necessary to include materials
specifically for relinking with a modified version of the library (i.e.
subsection 6a of the LGPLv2.1, or subsection 4d0 of version 3.0).

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should not have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this library, as it can easily be found on the World Wide Web.  If,
due to a temporal anomaly, you are trapped in some time period after 1999 (the
release date of the LGPL v2.1) but before 1991 (the debut of the Web), you may
get a copy by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin
Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA.  For all other users, not
having to distribute all 5,000 words of the thing may be considered another
optional license exception.
